Open Settings, then open Services.
p02
This is the catalog.
p03
Everything a site sells lives here as a row: a wash, an add-on, a token.
p04
Every price that shows up on the point of sale traces back to this list,
p05
so a pricing question usually ends right where we're standing.
p06
Look down the Services group in the sidebar.
p07
Services is the catalog itself.
p08
The pages beneath it, Service Types, Service Groups, Detail Types, Rewards,
p09
define the vocabulary a service draws on.
p10
You rarely edit those,
p11
but knowing they exist tells you where a stray label on a service actually comes from.
p12
Read the four tiles across the top.
p13
Twenty-four services, twenty-one active, six types, average price just under fifteen dollars.
p14
It's a health snapshot for the whole catalog, not one site.
p15
And take the counts loosely:
p16
in this demo the tile totals and the row totals don't always agree.
p17
Two cards show the catalog's shape.
p18
The trend line is the count over the last year, ticking up a few percent.
p19
The status card is the one to remember:
p20
active means it sells, draft means it isn't live yet,
p21
and inactive means it's retired but kept for the history.
p22
Most of the catalog is active.
p23
Now the mix by type.
p24
Washes are the biggest slice, then add-ons, then detail work.
p25
That top slice is what we open next,
p26
because a wash package is where the per-site pricing story really shows up.
p27
Drop down to the Services List.
p28
This is the real catalog table.
p29
New Service sits top-right, and it's how an admin adds a wash.
p30
We leave it alone:
p31
creating a service is production work, not something you do from a support seat.
p32
Read the columns.
p33
Description, code, type, price, active.
p34
Watch the code column especially.
p35
That's the controller code,
p36
the value that wires the service to the point of sale and the tunnel controller.
p37
When a button rings up the wrong wash, the code is usually the first thing you check.
p38
Look at the rows.
p39
On a live tenant this fills with the migrated catalog: wash packages, add-ons, token sales.
p40
The demo is quirkier, it often loads one fixed sample when you open a service.
p41
If you ever see a failed-to-fetch message instead of rows,
p42
that's the data service dropping out, not an empty catalog.
p43
There's a search box for a reason.
p44
A full catalog runs a couple hundred rows, so you type the service name rather than scroll.
p45
Filters narrow it further.
p46
We won't run one today;
p47
just know it's the fast way to find a single wash.
p48
Down at the bottom, the page controls.
p49
Twenty-five, fifty, or a hundred rows at a time.
p50
Small thing, but on a big catalog bumping it to a hundred saves a lot of clicking.
p51
Open a wash and read the detail.
p52
On the verified pass a service opened onto two tabs, Service Main and Active Locations,
p53
with Back, Delete, and Edit across the top.
p54
Heads up: in this capture the detail page wouldn't load,
p55
so treat what follows as the layout we confirmed earlier, parked for a fresh check.
p56
Service Main is where the service is defined.
p57
Eight groups of fields, from basic info to pricing to behavior.
p58
Two earn their keep for support.
p59
Controller code, again, is the point-of-sale mapping.
p60
And count as car decides whether the service adds to the site's car count,
p61
which is why selling a token doesn't fake your traffic numbers.
p62
Switch to Active Locations.
p63
This tab is the whole point of the lesson.
p64
It lists the sites and groups where the service actually sells,
p65
each with a status and a start date.
p66
A service only rings up where it's active here.
p67
So if a wash is missing at one site, this is the first tab you open.
p68
Now click Edit, and watch the little gears.
p69
They sit beside a handful of fields,
p70
the description, the controller code, the amount, and the tax settings.
p71
Hover one and it reads configure per location.
p72
The plain field is the default everywhere.
p73
The gear lets an admin override it for a single site or group.
p74
Click the gear beside the amount.
p75
On the verified pass, nothing opened.
p76
The dialog that's supposed to set a per-site value stayed shut in the demo tenant,
p77
so we park that step and check it on a real configuration.
p78
Point at the gear, explain what it does, and back out.
p79
Never save.
p80
So here's the pattern.
p81
One service, one record.
p82
Active Locations decides where it sells.
p83
The gears decide what it costs and how it's taxed at each site.
p84
That's how the Works can run two dollars more at one wash without a second record anywhere.
p85
You'll see the same shape on discounts next, so it's worth owning now.